[IMP] website: update link tracker information (#16170)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/reporting/link_tracker.rst

======================

To create and manage tracked links, navigate to :menuselection:`Website --> Site --> Link Tracker`.
Fill in the following information and click :guilabel:`Generate tracked link` to get a tracking URL.

#. :guilabel:`URL`: The URL that is the target of the campaign. It is automatically populated with

>    the URL you use to access the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the URL used to access the menu.
```

To get an overview of your tracked links, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Site --> Link Tracker`
and scroll down to :guilabel:`Your tracked links` section.

.. image:: link_tracker/your-tracked-link.png
   :alt: Get an overview of all the links you track.

Statistics
----------

To measure the performance of tracked links, click the track link and scroll down to the
:guilabel:`Statistics` section to get an overview of the number of clicks of your tracked links.
You can display information for a specific period by clicking the :guilabel:`All Time`,

> :guilabel:`Last Month`, or :guilabel:`Last Week` options that appear on the right side of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To measure the performance of tracked links, click the track link and scroll down to the
:guilabel:`Statistics` section to get an overview of the number of clicks for the tracked link.
By default, the graph shows the total number of clicks. You can change the period to :guilabel:`Last Month` or :guilabel:`Last Week` using the options on the right side of the heading.
```
to make instructions more precise
